This directory contains a curated collection of links I've found,
since becoming addicted to [slow
TV](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Slow_television).

When I first learned about the Bergensbanen video, I obsesssively
searched for and downloaded any related material I could find.  The
rest, as they say, is history.

Much of the material I put into my screensaver rotation, to project
the impression that I'm a bid odd (not a stretch, really).  Here are
some links to help you, should you wish to embark upon a similar
endeavour:

Transmission:

 - https://transmissionbt.com/

You don't *need* to use BitTorrent but I'm putting this here in case
you want to get the video "from the source".  There are many
BitTorrent clients out there to choose from, but this one is my
personal preference (it's no-frills, to-the-point, and doesn't attempt
to be a competitor to iTunes, unlike some BT clients).

When I first started with this pursuit, I downloaded all the videos I
could via BitTorrent.  But that's not strictly necessary now that most
of the content has been uploaded to YouTube by various folks.

Download videos from YouTube (and more sites):

 - https://rg3.github.io/youtube-dl/

If (like me) you don't fully put your trust in The Cloud (tm), then
you might like to download local copies of your favourite videos for
playing offline any time you like.  You also need to do this if you
plan to use them as a screensaver.  Which brings me to...

Save Hollywood:

 - http://s.sudre.free.fr/Software/SaveHollywood/about.html

(...not that it was in any danger)

This is strictly for MacOS, but I'm sure there are equivalents for
Linux and Windows (I just haven't tried finding them yet).

Point Save Hollywood at one or more files and folders, containing the
videos you want as your screensavers, and tweak the options to your
liking.

The curated links themselves are split into multiple files by category
(only two so-far): [trains](trains.md) and [boats](boats.md)

Incidentally, for much of the NRK-produced content referenced in this
collection, the videos can also be played through their mobile app
(aptly named "NRK").  Some videos are *only* available through their
app (or their main website).  Most notably (IMHO), the app can be used
to play on a TV Internet appliance (Chromecast, AppleTV, Amazon Fire
stick, etc.).  I peronally use it with my Chromecast a lot.  For now,
the NRK app doesn't seem to be restricted to only Norway.
